Replace the behat/transliterator with symfony/string for the Sluggable extension (#2985)
doctrine-extensions/DoctrineExtensions: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Replace the `behat/transliterator` with `symfony/string` for the Sluggable extension for its default transliteration and urlization steps"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sluggable: Replaced abandoned `behat/transliterator` with `symfony/string` for default transliteration and urlization steps (#2985)
```

Author: Thanks updated
